[DOCS-10446] changes to Resource Catalog policies (#28389)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/resource_catalog/_index.md

Resource Catalog leverages Datadog cloud integrations and the Datadog Agent to gather data from cloud resources such as hosts, databases, and storage services.

> {{< img src="/infrastructure/resource_catalog/resource_catalog_new.png" alt="The Resource Catalog page showing the Inventory tab, sorting by service" width="100%">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/infrastructure/resource_catalog/resource_catalog_new.png" alt="The Resource Catalog page showing the Catalog tab, grouped by resource type" width="100%">}}
```
